[KubeRay] Add instructions to run distributed Ray Debugger in KubeRay (#49116)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/ray-distributed-debugger.rst

Start a Ray cluster
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. tab-set::

  .. tab-item:: Local

    Run `ray start --head` to start a local Ray cluster.

  .. tab-item:: KubeRay

    Follow the instructions in :doc:`the RayCluster quickstart <../cluster/kubernetes/getting-started/raycluster-quick-start>` to set up a cluster.
    You will need to connect VS Code to the cluster, one way to do that is to add

    .. code-block:: yaml

        ports:
        - containerPort: 22
          name: ssd

>     to the `ray-head` container and make sure sshd is running in the `ray-head` container. You can then connect VS Code to the cluster by running

Reviewer: > make sure sshd is running in the `ray-head` container

The wording may not be very precise. Setting the container port does not start the SSHD service. Instead, the KubeRay operator configures the Kubernetes Service based on the head Pod's port configuration, allowing you to use the Kubernetes Service to access the port instead of directly accessing the head Pod.

ref: https://faun.pub/should-i-configure-the-ports-in-kubernetes-deployment-c6b3817e495

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/99f04f85-c825-44d3-990b-6619646435cc)

Author: Thanks -- I added some more instructions now that should it make very clear for people that they actually need to run sshd in the container :)

Start a Ray cluster
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. tab-set::

  .. tab-item:: Local

    Run `ray start --head` to start a local Ray cluster.

  .. tab-item:: KubeRay

    Follow the instructions in :doc:`the RayCluster quickstart <../cluster/kubernetes/getting-started/raycluster-quick-start>` to set up a cluster.

>     You will need to connect VS Code to the cluster, one way to do that is to add

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You need to connect VS Code to the cluster. For example, add the following to the `ray-head` container and make sure `sshd` is running in the `ray-head` container.
```

    .. code-block:: yaml

        ports:
        - containerPort: 22
          name: ssd

>     to the `ray-head` container and make sure sshd is running in the `ray-head` container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    .. note::

>         How to run sshd in the `ray-head` container will depend on your setup (for example you can do it by using supervisord).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        How to run `sshd` in the `ray-head` container depends on your setup. For example you can use `supervisord`.
```

>         A simple way to run sshd interactively for testing is by logging into the head node pod and running:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        A simple way to run `sshd` interactively for testing is by logging into the head node pod and running:
```

        .. code-block:: bash

            sudo apt-get install openssh-server
            sudo mkdir -p /run/sshd
            sudo /usr/sbin/sshd -D

>     You can then connect VS Code to the cluster by running

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can then connect VS Code to the cluster by running:
```

    .. code-block:: bash

        kubectl port-forward service/raycluster-sample-head-svc 2222:22

>     and after checking that `ssh -p 2222 ray@localhost` works, connect VS Code as described in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    After checking that `ssh -p 2222 ray@localhost` works, connect VS Code as described in the
```
